docs: platform content (#7091)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Develop/develop-overview.md

---

> title: Overview

Reviewer: About developing and configuring Langflow applications

slug: /develop-overview
---

> This section provides information for developing and configuring Langflow applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pages provide information about how to develop and configure Langflow applications.
```
